# Fetch Frontend Take-Home Exercise

This frontend web application uses ***React + TypeScript + Vite***.

#### Production Site: https://frontend-take-home-fetch.vercel.app/

## Excercise Requirements
You first should have users enter their name and email on a login screen. Then, you should use this information to hit our login endpoint to authenticate with our service (see API Reference below).

Once a user is successfully authenticated, they should be brought to a search page where they can browse available dogs. This page must meet the following requirements:

<ul>
  <li>Users must be able to filter by breed</li>
  <li>Results should be paginated</li>
  <li>Results should be sorted alphabetically by breed by default. Users should be able to modify this sort to be ascending or descending.</li>
  <li>All fields of the Dog object (except for id) must be presented in some form</li>
</ul>

<p>
Users should be able to select their favorite dogs from the search results. When finished searching, they should be able to generate a match based on dogs added to the favorites list. A single match will be generated by sending all favorited dog IDs to the /dogs/match endpoint. You should display this match however you see fit.
</p>

As for everything else, you have free rein, so get creative! We strongly encourage you to go beyond the minimum requirements to build something that showcases your strengths.

You may find it helpful to make use of a component library.

### Additional Requirements
<ul>
  <li>Your app should be hosted on the internet where it can be visited and interacted with</li>
  <li>Your source code should be stored in a git repository and hosted on the internet (i.e. GitHub)</li>
  <li>You should include any necessary documentation to run your site locally</li>
</ul>

## Development Process
1. Clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/lengyangweb/frontend-take-home-fetch.git`
2. Open the repository in an IDE
3. In the IDE terminal/local terminal, install all require packages by running `npm i`
2. Load the application by running `npm run dev`
3. After the app load, you should be able to browse the app with http://localhost:3000

## Deployment Information
1. This frontend web application is deploy to Vercel.